hey everyone so let's talk about my
recent surgery and I just had yeah um
basically what happened was I was
leaking brain to it for my nose without
noticing I didn't know that I was having
all the symptoms all the headaches
headaches that I kept having and the
nausea the tiredness and all that that
was all fun bein fluid and I had no idea
but um as soon as I found out they
admitted me excuse me I'm still getting
better and I had the surgery April 11th
excuse me um so yeah if we eleventh
little did we know I started a fever
again coughing and we did a x-ray and I
had pneumonia now your regular pneumonia
it was like anaerobic pneumonia some PI
that what happened was that some of the
brain fluid went down my throat into my
lungs and caused it to get infected so
yeah so I'm still recovering from that
um things I got the stitches today whoo
happy dance
okay leaves I got a stitches today from
a back
I still have stitches right here I'll
show you guys don't get grossed now okay
still have these stitches see they're
gonna fall off on its own I mean these
are not statistics is like the tape but
as you can see I already have a scar
there so they went over um they went
over my scar that I had from
my appendix being taken out like a long
time ago years ago when I had cancer the
leukemia but yeah I'm fine now I know I
look pale I'm so sorry
we gotta get my eyebrows done in my hair
done um I'm a little bummed out I guess
you could probably see like the sadness
in my face or whatever I'm bummed out
because I had to stop school and I was
doing so good in school like I love
school and yeah I have to start over
September I miss my job I miss
everything I miss my normal life but you
know these are things that we had to go
through and we just go stronger from it
and that's it no no I'm not mad I get
angry sometimes yeah but it's not like
oh my god I hate my life ever
no I try to see the the brighter side of
everything you know but I just want to
thank you guys for being there for me
for supporting me throughout this second
surgery like it was crucial when they
took out the tubes from my back it was
oh my god I started thinking like if
giving birth is half the pain but I went
through with my back like I don't even
think I'm ready for that I'm like
second-guessing myself a woman the kids
I might as well just adopt think I don't
know I'm gonna be able to take that pain
um yeah I'll be able to hang out soon I
still you know I can't dance or anything
so I wanna rip my stitches off but you
know I can hang out probably go to the
movies finally see my friends and the
outside nice fresh air little April
showers um I love you all
thanks again thanks for always watching
my videos and
hope that some way somehow I helped
someone with something you know that's
all that matters is that something comes
out of this a message any message either
to stay strong because you're going
through something difficult and you see
that everything I've gone through and
I'm still staying strong you know that's
how it is I love you guys I love life
and just live every moment every single
moment because you never know what's
gonna happen tomorrow you never know
what's gonna happen you in like five
seconds so peace and love bye